http_load:add page (#3914)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/http_load.md

# http_load

> > A useful HTTP benchmarking tool.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> A HTTP benchmarking tool.
```

> > That lets you run multiple HTTP fetches in parallel to test the throughput of a web server.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Runs multiple HTTP fetches in parallel to test the throughput of a web server.
```

> > That lets you run multiple HTTP fetches in parallel to test the throughput of a web server.

Reviewer: I think the 1st description line is still a useful  summary, but best if we removet he word `useful` as I suggested above.

> More information: <http://www.acme.com/software/http_load/>.

> - Emulate 20 requests based on a given url list file per second for 60 seconds :

Reviewer: Typo?
```suggestion
- Emulate 20 requests based on a given url list file per second for 60 seconds:
```

> `http_load -rate {{20}} -seconds {{60}} urls.txt`

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't urls.txt be a parameter?

Author: Sorry, urls.txt is a text file as a parameter. I fixed it.

> `http_load -rate {{20}} -seconds {{60}} {{urls.txt}}`

Reviewer: Just a small change to make it more consistent
```suggestion
`http_load -rate {{20}} -seconds {{60}} {{path/to/urls.txt}}`
```

- Emulate 5 concurrent requests based on a given url list file for 60 seconds:

> `http_load -parallel {{5}} -seconds {{60}} {{urls.txt}}`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
`http_load -parallel {{5}} -seconds {{60}} {{path/to/urls.txt}}`
```

> - Emulate 20 requests based on a given url list file per second until 1000 requests:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Emulate 1000 requests at 20 requests per second, based on a given url list file:
```

> - Emulate 20 requests based on a given url list file per second until 1000 requests:

Reviewer: Erm typo, @zdroid? `tol` -> `to`?

> `http_load -rate {{20}} -fetches {{1000}} {{urls.txt}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`http_load -rate {{20}} -fetches {{1000}} {{path/to/urls.txt}}`
```

> - Emulate 5 concurrent requests based on a given url list file until 1000 requests:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Emulate 1000 requests at 5 concurrent requests at a time, based on a given url list file:
```

> `http_load -parallel {{5}} -fetches {{1000}} {{urls.txt}}`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
`http_load -parallel {{5}} -fetches {{1000}} {{path/to/urls.txt}}`
```

Author: Agree with you. I fixed😄

Reviewer: Thanks :D

> That lets you run multiple http fetches in parallel to test the throughput of web server.
> More information: <http://www.acme.com/software/http_load/>.

> - Emulate 20 HTTP GET requests per second for 60 seconds(urls.txt is a text file that contains one url per line):

Reviewer 2: this needs to be simplified

Author: try to simplify a little
